the dart falls out but it's already
delivered its payload of tranquilizer
thankfully little pink foots family is
at hand but this could still go badly
wrong
Silvia or her family could charge and
force the team to withdraw
Silvia could fall awkwardly a huge bulk
could restrict her ability to breathe
she could suffocate worse still she
could fall on little pink foot and crush
her but first things are looking good
but then Silvia puts out a distress call
little pink foot responds she runs back
to Silvia and stands right underneath
her 3 ton bulk
for her being right under mum is the
safest place in the world
[Applause]
David in the team tried to flush little
pink foot out with their vehicles but
she just won't budge
eventually David does the unthinkable he
risks his own life to save little papers
if Silvia goes down now she could easily
crush them both
[Applause]
but even little pinkfoot weighs a
hundred kilos
moving her takes four
the rest of the herd are wild with
distress
they could charge at any moment
well I do i tender little pink foot
panics
the team have got to get her back to her
sister side
[Music]
[Applause]
thankfully baby elephants instinctively
follow large objects so David uses his
vehicle to lead her towards her family
[Music]
once she's safe the team can start their
work
the abscess is huge it's drained and
cleaned thoroughly the team work as fast
as they can to reduce the stress to
Silvia and the rest of the herd a vet
from the Kenyan Wildlife Service gives
her a massive dose of antibiotics
[Music]
thousands of elephants get shot every
year most die slowly and painfully
and finally the vet gives Silvia an
antidote to the tranquilizer to bring
her round
you